with much speed and adrenaline the first day of the rally arrives at the saint
helena goias
were 256 kilometers of stretch that 70 kilometers of initial displacements in
Last
with much desire to walk in line
zero in search of the best time in a test of overcoming the pilot of volkswagen to
sec flipped his touareg during super prime and still secured the best
time it stays
then
vieira the brazilians maurice neves and eduardo bampi
the Spanish duo carlos sainz
was in third place zelaya intended to get married in the fourth place of the
Indians Christian Quartz was the first to finish the race and in the
sequence
in college
and who did well in the deaths
balls rs
who made the best time after dropping in third position
even suffering a fall during
The day of the fantastic has arrived
talk later
total success
in the trucks category the leader is edu piano
and according to Mr. Mario Barradas serving the Brazilian national team
most fierce in the category
and the alvinegros
and got
tons are required
and hustle and bustle the morning has much more in the rally of the sertões 2009